OVERVIEW:
In Moti Nagar, Hyderabad, Brigade Citadel has unveiled brand new luxurious 2 and 3BHK Residential Apartments. Brigade Group has always prioritized the construction of both comfortable and luxurious residential ventures. It is a 100-year-old Banyan Tree Centered Project with breath-taking landscapes that make it more distinctive and elite.
Brigade Citadel is a Brigade Community Premium Project in Hyderabad's Sanath Nagar. The project consists of 2 and 3 BHK homes in Sanath Nagar's best ever spot. They function under the “Customer first” principle, which has contributed to the development of numerous landmarks. Brigade Citadel is a gated community of over 1,300 luxury 2-3 BHK homes for sale.
Every home is designed to optimize space and meet the highest quality requirements using world-class architecture. With over 40 years of experience in providing quality homes in India, Brigade Group is renowned for providing a remarkable experience to buyers. Brigade Citadel is an RERA-registered project with a Phase I registration number of P02200002237.

BUILDER DETAILS:
We design homes that complement your way of life at Brigade Citadel, we are one of Hyderabad City's top developers. Our homes are a reflection of your personality and way of life. Citadel residences will help you find your dream home, which will represent who you are and what you aspire to be in life, with wide-open spaces and exclusive features. Brigade Citadel homes were motivated by conventional ethics of precision, clarity, longevity, and trust to create assets that will be as valuable tomorrow as they were the day they were released. The Brigade Group has always had an uncanny ability to anticipate what its customers want, need, and wants to know. And they've always done a great job of fulfilling those goals.

UNIT DETAILS:
From the Brigade classes, the Brigade Citadel provides 2 and 3 BHK residential apartments. Apartment sizes range from 1177 to 1793 square feet. The size of a two-bedroom unit ranges from 1177 square feet to 1366 square feet. 3 BHK units range in size from 1583 to 1793 square feet. The project spans 11 acres of lush greenery and includes 53,000 square feet of CLUBHOUSE space. 
The Brigade Citadel will be comprised of eight towers divided into two blocks. Despite the fact that six of the towers will be raised to the 15th floor and the other two will have six floors, both of the towers will have two basement levels. When the units are raised into houses, there will be ample open space for lush green lawns and gardens.


PRICE DETAILS
Brigade Citadel has a starting price of 73.44 lakhs for 2bhk homes with 1177 to 1366 sqft configuration. And design three-bedroom homes ranging in size from 1583 to 1793 square feet. The price of a three-bedroom apartment ranges from 1 crores to 1.13 crores.

LUXURY AMENITIES
Brigade Citadel welcomes you to be the best version of yourself with a beautifully integrated vast area and a luxurious luxury clubhouse with outstanding amenities. Begin your day by swimming a few laps in the sparkling pool. In the Yoga Studio, you can replenish your mind, body, and soul while still reaping all of the health benefits in one convenient place. Apart from facilities that accommodate the social-sports elements, there is still a need for safety in Brigade.

LOCATION DETAILS
The Brigade Citadel is in Moti Nagar, one of Hyderabad's fastest-growing neighbourhoods. This area has experienced rapid growth in recent decades, thanks to industry giants such as Bajaj, Volvo, TATA Motors, MercedesBenz, and others who have made Moti Nagar their home, resulting in a surge in job opportunities.
It's a well-behaved neighbourhood. In this market, we have a lot of options. Several stores are within walking distance. Every day, members of the GHMC come to clean the place, making maintenance a huge success.
Brigade Citadel has easy access to areas like Ameerpet, HITEC District, Begumpet, Kondapur, Kukatpally, Banjara Hills, Yousufguda, and Erragadda, as well as Erragadda Metro Station and Bharat Nagar. The ORR road and other inter-city roads provide excellent access to the International Airport from the residential property.
